Hi everyone, 
This is Breviz. On our platform a user can upload a transcript of a meeting in the WebVtt format. 
This format is  is the standard transcription format across the web, and you can download your own zoom recordings in this format 

Now in order to generate the summary of a meeting that we have pre recorded, I am going to upload the transcript. 
So zoom doesn’t show the upload window but currently I am choosing the transcript. Next our tool asks us to 
choose the type of summary the users want. There are two options 
Extractive summary
Abstractive summary
Let’s choose Abstractive summary now and I will get back to the difference between the two later.
Now the data has been sent to the our servers on AWS, its currently removing the UMs and Uhs, that is called disfluency removal.
Finally our ML model is extracting summaries out of the transcript. While this is happening let me briefly describe the difference 
between extractive and abstractive summaries.

Extractive summaries ranks words and sentences in a given text and display the exact sentences with the most important words. 
This is very useful for summarizing speeches or even zoom lectures that you may or may not have been paying attention to for the past few months

Abstractive summaries rephrase the sentences in a more concise manner keeping only the most important information and discarding what’s not important.
This is much more similar to act of note taking that we are trying to emulate over here.

This is a summary of 40 minute meeting shown here in just 14 points 

So the meeting you just saw is a meeting that we recorded with the blessing of our BigCo sponsor and we asked the team Program Manager 
to rate our summaries and they found 42% of the summaries useful.

We also asked them if they went on vaccation how their team would use this tool and they admitted 
it would be useful to their team in their absense and would help the PMs when they catchup when they are back


Now we are also conscious of that fact that there exists a market for this tool outside and is has been huge growth over next few years.

